What is emmet?
----Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor.It allows you to type shortcuts that are then 
    expanded into full pieces of code.

what is difference between library and framework?
----when you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application.
    you are choosing when and where to call the library
----when you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow
    it provides some places for you to plugin your code, but its calls the code you plugged in as needed.   

what is CDN? why do we use it?
----A content delivery network is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading 
    for data-heavy application. CDN Stands for content delivery network or content distribution network
-------The main use of a CDN is to deliver content through a network of servers in a secure and efficient way. 
       These networks improve the content security, performance and availability. 
       They are also used to collect user analytics and tracking data on network traffic. 

why is React known as react?
----Its called React because it reacts.It was developed by facebook (a site that constantly update
their data) to improve the user interface developement and more effieciently change 
(React to) what the user sees when they're doing things like mouse clicking,submitting and typing

What is crossorigin in script tag?
----Its stands for Cross-origin resource sharing. It is a mechanism by which one webpage requests
to another domain for fetching out the resources like audio, video, script, etc.from the 
third party server without leaking their credentials information.

What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible 
to actually render UI in the browser

What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
----The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have source maps, 
debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds. The production build, on the other hand, 
runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine

What is async and defer?
Async allows your script to run as soons as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page.
Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.